Added information about keywords crash, freezes, and stopped in title (#329)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-insider: wip/feedback.md

2. Under the first section, **1. Enter your feedback**, create a clear and descriptive title for your feedback in the **Summarize your feedback** field. It is incredibly important to give a good title because it's usually the first thing we see at Microsoft when trying to make sure your feedback gets to the right people. We recommend including the name of the feature and a clear overview of the issue or the request you're seeing.

> >[!NOTE]
> >When you use keyword like crash or freeze in the title, when futher in filling in of the feedback item you get option to specify how long ago this happened. Like the following screenshot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> When you use keywords like _crash_ or _freeze_ in the title, you get an option in the feedback to specify how long ago the incident occurred, as shown in the following screenshot:

```

Author: Thanks for the correction. @JohanFreelancer9

> >

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ><img width="580" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/22030609/195266782-e79343b8-ec33-483d-a8d0-db7b110605ee.png">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> <img width="580" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/22030609/195266782-e79343b8-ec33-483d-a8d0-db7b110605ee.png">

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
